Dear Sir/Madam,

Team Unwired is NIT Calicut's team to Baja SAE India 2012, an off road vehicle design and fabrication competition for students organized by SAE (Society of Automotive Engineers) and is one of the most challenging engineering design competitions for students in India.

Each team's goal is to design and fabricate a single-seat, four-wheel, off-road vehicle. Students must function as a team not only to design, build, test, promote and run a vehicle within the limits imposed but also to manage their educational priorities and at the same time generate financial support for their project. 

It is our hard earned pleasure to inform you that Team Unwired, NIT Calicut has qualified for the finals of the competition after competing with more than 250 national teams. With the design phase complete, we are now moving into the fabrication phase of the project.

I would also like to mention that the first team from NIT Calicut to BAJA SAE (in the year 2010) had extensive media coverage for our previous sponsors all around India but Kerala in particular. Teamunwired was and still is the only team from Kerala that qualified to participate in the challenging competition series.

The previous attempt was largely supported by the Institute alumni which culminated in the the largest project in the history of NIT Calicut. It was only by virtue of their generosity that we picked up so many laurels:

Our previous attempt:
1. First team in the history of Baja to completely design and fabricate a gearbox.
2. 7th Best designed vehicle in Baja SAE India 2010.
3. Third lightest vehicle in the history of Baja 
4. Amongst the first teams to use a CVT.
5. First team to use chromoly.

Without your support, we would only have fertile ideas with no hope of concrete fabrication. Thus we look forward to your generous support, considering your prestigious alma mater. 

Please find attached the sponsorship brochure and cover letter. Do visit our website www.teamunwired.org for more details.

Looking forward to continuing support from NITC/RECCAA alumni.

Kind regards,

Shivam Gupta
Team Captain
Team Unwired
(+91 90372 83044)
www.teamunwired.org

